c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.dll
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.pdb
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.build.appxrecipe
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace_de_Datos_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.g.resources
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace_de_Datos.Resources.AppResources.resources
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.dll
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.pdb
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
c:\users\administrador12345\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\Enlace de Datos\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\ApplicationIcon.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileLarge.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileMedium.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\FlipCycleTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileMediumLarge.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Assets\Tiles\IconicTileSmall.png
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.dll
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\resources.pri
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace de Datos.build.appxrecipe
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Properties\WMAppManifest.xml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\AppManifest.xaml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\Bin\Debug\Enlace_de_Datos_Debug_AnyCPU.xap
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\App.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.g.resources
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace_de_Datos.Resources.AppResources.resources
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.csproj.GenerateResource.Cache
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.dll
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\Enlace de Datos.pdb
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\qualifiers.txt.intermediate
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MultipleQualifiersPerDimensionFound.txt
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\MDILProjectFiles.xml
C:\Users\Administrador12345\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\Data Templates\Enlace de Datos\obj\Debug\XapCacheFile.xml
